docs: Add notifier documentation (#12899)
stackrox/stackrox: central/notifiers/README.md

# Notifiers

A notifier is used in StackRox to send notifications to a third-party system such as Splunk, Microsoft Sentinel
or PagerDuty.

## Overview

Each notifier must implement the interfaces of the notifications it wants to support. Following notifier types exist.

### Types of notifiers

> | Type                    | Interface                                  | Description                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: The table is missing the `pkg/notifiers/report_notifier.go`

Author: done

5. Register the notifier in the `init` func of the `externalsystem/my_notifier.go` Go file by using the `notifiers.Add` function. You can find several examples of this in other notifier implementations.
6. Implement the functions of the interface, create the client for the external service and try to send a message.
7. Implement the `Test` function with example data to trigger an alert with a simple HTTP call. This can be called via sending the config to `/v1/notifiers/test -X POST --data $notifier -H "Content-Type: application/json".
8. Implement encryption, see next `Encryption` chapter.
9. Use the admin events logger, see `Admin Events Logger` chapter.

### Admin Events Logger

To display logs of a notifier in the Admin Events overview in StackRox you need to use the logger as [here](https://github.com/stackrox/stackrox/blob/master/central/notifiers/acscsemail/acscsemail.go#L26).

```
log = logging.LoggerForModule(option.EnableAdministrationEvents())
```

This will display the logs in StackRox under `/main/administration-events?s[Resource%20Type]=Notifier` in the UI.

### Encryption

> Encryption of notifier secrets is used in ACS Cloud Service. The encryption feature is disabled by default and must by enabled by `ROX_ENC_NOTIFIER_CREDS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encryption of notifier secrets is used in ACS Cloud Service. The encryption feature is disabled by default and is enabled by setting `ROX_ENC_NOTIFIER_CREDS=true`.
```

Author: done
